Updated import and client libraries docs (#1934)
pilosa/pilosa: docs/administration.md

pilosa import --sort -i project -f stargazer project-stargazer.csv
```

> Official Pilosa client libraries support importing data. You can find the corresponding documentation at:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `pilosa import` command is slow and not optimal for production usage. We recommend using the import functionality included in the official Pilosa client libraries. You can find the corresponding documentation at:
```

Author: updated
